BS Podcasts — corresponding source and replaceable libraries

The original application and third-party components have separate ownership.
No application restriction limits the rights granted by the accompanying
third-party licenses, including modifying LGPL libraries and reverse engineering
for debugging those modifications. Preserve all third-party notices.

Distribute the matching BS-Podcasts-VERSION-Third-Party-Sources.zip alongside
the binary archives, with equally accessible download links. It contains the
exact pinned mpv/FFmpeg/FreeType/FriBidi/HarfBuzz/libass/libplacebo inputs, Qt
and Qt for Python 6.11.2 source, python-mpv 1.0.8 and certifi source, additional
dependency sources, checksums, and the actual native build scripts. The separate
application Source.zip contains the matching application and packaging source.
Do not publish only the binary archives or substitute unrelated source versions.

The mpv library is dynamically loaded by the application. Its FFmpeg, libass,
FreeType, HarfBuzz, FriBidi and libplacebo dependencies are compiled into that
library. Modify/rebuild the library with the included matching platform recipe;
retain the public libmpv ABI. No original application object file is needed to
rebuild or replace this dynamically loaded library. Build tools are separate
prerequisites, not automatically installed by the recipes.

Native library locations:
  Windows: BS Podcasts/_internal/libmpv-2.dll
  macOS: BS Podcasts.app/Contents/Frameworks/libmpv.2.dylib
  Linux: dists/linux/native/libmpv.so.2

Qt/PySide/Shiboken libraries are separate DLLs/frameworks/shared objects in the
bundle, or installed in the Linux environment. Replace compatible versions as
permitted by their licenses. Python-only LGPL wrapper code can be changed in
the corresponding-source package and the application rebuilt with the supplied
packaging scripts. All build and dependency inputs must match the target ABI.

On macOS, replacing a library invalidates the app signature. Re-sign your local
modified app with an ad-hoc signature, for example:
  codesign --force --deep --sign - 'BS Podcasts.app'
This does not make it Developer-ID signed or notarized. Use your own signing
credentials for distribution where needed; the original distributor's keys are
not required to make and run a local modified copy.

Linux launchers verify native integrity. For a local replacement, rebuild its
receipt with the included native_sources.py --record command and update the
deployment manifest by rebuilding. Do not present a custom build as an unchanged
original. The packaged source and scripts allow this without a remote service.

Full applicable LGPL, GPL incorporated terms, permissive licenses and component
copyrights accompany these instructions. These instructions do not replace them.
